maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-abbreviation/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-admonition/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-anchorlink/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-aside/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-attributes/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-autolink/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-definition/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-emoji/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-enumerated-reference/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-escaped-character/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-gfm-strikethrough/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-gfm-tasklist/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-gitlab/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-ins/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-macros/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-media-tags/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-superscript/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-tables/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-toc/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-typographic/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-wikilink/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-ext-xwiki-macros/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-jira-converter/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-util-ast/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-util-builder/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-util-collection/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-util-data/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-util-dependency/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-util-format/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-util-html/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-util-misc/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-util-options/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-util-sequence/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-util-visitor/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark-util/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/com.vladsch.flexmark/flexmark/0.60.2, BSD-2-Clause, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/junit/junit/4.12, EPL-1.0, approved, CQ9232
maven/mavencentral/org.hamcrest/hamcrest-core/1.3, BSD-2-Clause, approved, CQ7063
maven/mavencentral/org.jetbrains/annotations/15.0, Apache-2.0, approved, clearlydefined
maven/mavencentral/org.nibor.autolink/autolink/0.6.0, MIT, approved, clearlydefined
